---
title: "Python References, Tools, and Articles"
date: 2022-01-21T10:32:46-07:00
type: post
draft: false
---

Some time ago I developed a strategy--a brain hack, more
accurately--to deal with my unending cursed curiosity. Instead of the
47--on average--browser tabs accumulating and clogging my computer's
memory, I started accumulating a pile of links. This pile was meant to
collect interesting new packages, articles, tutorials, videos, and the
like, and of course I would read them all later. Of course. The first
derivative of my link pile had long been positive, and a close
inspection of the second derivative revealed that it too showed no
sign of nearing negative territory. I tapped both gauges with
increasing intensity, but the needles remained pegged well into the
positive range. Coupled with my paradoxically opposite obsession of
collecting minimal lists of canonical tools that I use for various
tasks--linting, testing, visualization, etc--it was clearly time to
change my habits.

If the creative minds of the Reality Show Cognoscenti ever realize
that there exist *virtual* hoarders--with their piles of links,
articles, PDFs, videos, blog posts unread, and blog posts
half-written--then I'm sure to feature in an early episode. In a
perhaps futile effort to preempt the arrival of the show's crew, I've
finally collected, organized, sorted, and thinned the detritus
collected in my front hall.

Here, in one place, I've collected the finest assortment of links
about *Python and its ecosystem* that I'm able to put together. I
present to you my official list of [Python References, Tools, Packages,
and Articles](/python). This page is also linked above in the
navigation bar.

Some of you may have noticed that small pile over there in the
corner. And yes, the hall closet doesn't shut fully--yet. But you can
now navigate the hallway, and that's something. I hope that you find
in these links something worthwhile to your own work--whether it's a
convenient and short list of Python testing tools, or some new tool
that improves your workflow.

If in your travels you find some interesting tool, article, or
reference please feel free to **NOT SHARE IT WITH ME DO NOT FEED MY
HABIT**. I kid. But seriously, don't share it with me. No seriously,
I'm kidding.

Enjoy!
